README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to shopping-cart 🛒</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shopping-cart" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shopping-cart.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="#" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: ISC" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

> Shopping cart is a free e-commerce template (without payments). Shopping cart is a simple template for developers building an online store.
>
> Shopping cart features login and signup pages, developer functions for easily adding product data, dynamically generated categories tabs and product pages, and ...

- Concept: What is your user story? What was your motivation for development?

- Process: What were the technologies used? How were tasks and roles broken down and assigned? What challenges di

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart)

### ✨ [Demo](http://shopping-cart-template.herokuapp.com/)
<div align="center">
<img alt="interface" src= "public/assets/img/appScreenCapture.gif" width= 60%/>
</div>

### ✨ [Burger App](https://e-store-template.herokuapp.com/)
### ✨ [Electronics App](https://shopping-cart-electronics.herokuapp.com/)

## Install

> > ```sh
> > npm install;
> > ```
>
> The above will install the project dependencies.

> > `npm run setup;` (Optional)
>
> The above will create a db for test development, if you have the mysql cli with root user and no password.

## Usage

> > ```sh
> > npm run start;
> > ```
>
> The above will run the project,
>
> or use `npm run watch` for development.

> > ```sh
> > npm run theme;
> > ```
>
> The above will generate new materialize.css from [`util/sass`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/tree/master/util/sass).
>
> or use `npm run watch-theme` for development.

> > Make changes to [`util/product-list.csv`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/tree/master/util/product-list.csv) to easily create and update products.

## Run tests

> > ```sh
> > npm run test
> > ```
>
> The above will run the specidfied linting code in [`.eslintrc.json`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/blob/master/.eslintrc.json).
>
> The jest module is also setup to run on test.
>
> Although currently, there are no jest module tests specified in the project.

## Author

👤 **James Schreiber**

- Website: https://jschrbr.github.io/portfolio/
- Github: [@jschrbr](https://github.com/jschrbr)
- LinkedIn: [@techsmechs](https://linkedin.com/in/techsmechs)

👤 **Mandy Wells-Lakeland**

- Website: https://mandywl.github.io/02-Responsive-Portfolio-Mandy/
- Github: [@mandywl](https://github.com/mandywl)
- LinkedIn: [@mandywellslakeland](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mandy-wells-lakeland-23b55087/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/techsmechs">
  <img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button@2x.png" width="160">
</a>

---

_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_

Commit message:

Included exchangerate api setup instructions

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to shopping-cart 🛒</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shopping-cart" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shopping-cart.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="#" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: ISC" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

> Shopping cart is a free e-commerce template (without payments). Shopping cart is a simple template for developers building an online store.
>
> Shopping cart features login and signup pages, developer functions for easily adding product data, dynamically generated categories tabs and product pages, and ...

- Concept: What is your user story? What was your motivation for development?

- Process: What were the technologies used? How were tasks and roles broken down and assigned? What challenges di

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart)

### ✨ [Demo](http://shopping-cart-template.herokuapp.com/)

<div align="center">
<img alt="interface" src= "public/assets/img/appScreenCapture.gif" width= 60%/>
</div>

### ✨ [Resteraunt example](https://e-store-template.herokuapp.com/)

### ✨ [Electronics example](https://shopping-cart-electronics.herokuapp.com/)

## Install

> ```sh
> npm install;
> ```
>
> The above will install the project dependencies.

> `npm run setup;` (Optional)
>
> The above will create a db for test development, if you have the mysql cli with root user and no password.
>
> The exchange rates are gatherd using [exchangerate-api.com](https://www.exchangerate-api.com/). Click the previous link and signup for an api-key.
>
> Ensure you have an enviroment variable called `EXCHANGE_API_KEY`, set to you api-key,

## Usage

> ```sh
> npm run start;
> ```
>
> The above will run the project,
>
> or use `npm run watch` for development.

> ```sh
> npm run theme;
> ```
>
> The above will generate new materialize.css from [`util/sass`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/tree/master/util/sass).
>
> or use `npm run watch-theme` for development.

> Make changes to [`util/product-list.csv`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/tree/master/util/product-list.csv) to easily create and update products.

## Run tests

> ```sh
> npm run test
> ```
>
> The above will run the specidfied linting code in [`.eslintrc.json`](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/blob/master/.eslintrc.json).
>
> The jest module is also setup to run on test.
>
> Although currently, there are no jest module tests specified in the project.

## Author

👤 **James Schreiber**

- Website: https://jschrbr.github.io/portfolio/
- Github: [@jschrbr](https://github.com/jschrbr)
- LinkedIn: [@techsmechs](https://linkedin.com/in/techsmechs)

👤 **Mandy Wells-Lakeland**

- Website: https://mandywl.github.io/02-Responsive-Portfolio-Mandy/
- Github: [@mandywl](https://github.com/mandywl)
- LinkedIn: [@mandywellslakeland](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mandy-wells-lakeland-23b55087/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/mandywl/shopping-cart/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/techsmechs">
  <img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button@2x.png" width="160">
</a>

---

_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_
